---
title: That Time I Walked Out On My Boss
mostRecent: true
---

This morning I was reading an article about bad bosses and fear, and I was reminded of the time I walked
out on my manager. At lunch. Right as the food got delivered. I don't deal with bullshit well, and he was
serving it up real steamy-like.

## I Quit

It was May of 2015 and I had just given a Lunch & Learn about Lambda Calculus. The reception was poor. Everyone
in attendence was a friend so giving me shit about speaking for a hour about stuff they weren't going to use
daily was expected. Still, I was feeling bad about it so I did what you do when something pisses you off; you tweet it. I didn't use any names or anything, I'm a little smarter than that.

Shortly thereafter, a friend I knew from so Meetup talks I had give responded to my tweet. I believe he was half joking, but he said the company he worked for was hiring. I had a sense that the my company was about to layoff a lot of people, so I figured why not.

A little while later, I got offered the job. The my company told me the wouldn't be able to make a counter offer so I quit.

## Lunch

I don't recall the specifics, but sometime near the end of my tenure, my boss asked me to join him for lunch. It seemed like a "goodbye and good luck" kind of thing so I obliged. We went to a restaurant within walking distance of the office and ordered our food.

As I recall, the conversation started well enough. There were the stanard pleasantries, "We're goin to miss you. You've been a valuable member of the team," that sort of thing, but then the conversation shifted.

At this point in the story it's important to explain how this company gives raises. Like most companines, I imagine, there are yearly reviews. If you get a good review, ostensibly, you get a good raise. This process happens by, let's say, February. It hadn't though. The company gave some bullshit reason why, but assured 
us all, repeatedly, that raises would be retroactive. After I resigned, the company gave notices to everyone about their raises, and increased their pay retroactively as promised.

I got no raise. I can't remember if I was angry or not.

Back to the lecture at hand (_that's an old Snoop Dogg reference_). The conversation went from cordial to
standoff-ish. I can't remember if I started the discussion about the lack of a raise or if my manager did, but I remember being pissed when I was told that I didn't get a raise because I was leaving, despite the fact that
raises we supposed to be given out 4 months earlier before I even had a thought about leaving.

But that's not the worst part. You may recall that the company said they couldn't match the offer I received
so there was no counter. During our conversation, my manager let me know that if I wasn't quitting I would definitely be getting a raise, and my salary would definitely be higher than the offer I received.

I was speechless. At that moment our waitress brought us our food. I sat in silence for a few seconds. Then, politely, I thanked my manager for the meal and walked out.

The food was still warm. I hadn't taken a bite yet, but I wanted nothing more than to leave, so I did.

## The Aftermath

I walked back to work, sat down at my desk and proceeded to tell my lead what had just happened. They were on my side. I went and told HR; they were incredulous. They could not believe what my manager said to me. They assured me that, for the rest of the time I was there, I'd never have to deal with my manager again, and I didn't. The incident never came up again.

## The Moral Of The Story

To be honest, I just rememebered this story thought it was interesting and decided to write about it.

I burned that bridge and salted the earth when it was gone. I never want to work with or for that person again. There was no remorse on their face when they delivered the news, not even an attempt. No attempt to
say it was company policy. Nothing. Just an, "Obviously, it's going to play out like this. What did you think?"

I felt shit on. So yeah, I walked. I burned that bridge because I have no intetion of ever walking it again. Maybe that's the moral. I don't know.

### PS

Writing this has brought up a lot of thoughts about how much shit we take and why, but that's for another time.